[Applause]
Namo to the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-Abiding Three Jewels, the Great
Witness. Namo to the Original Teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha. We respectfully
beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy Sangha to
witness and protect us, your
disciples, who truly take refuge in the Three Jewels and the Sangha of
Ba Vang Pagoda,
practicing the Six Harmonious Principles. We respectfully invite
all celestial beings and divine spirits at
this cemetery to descend and
support us, the
family of the devotee Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name
Minh Tue, residing in Thanh Son Ward,
Uong Bi City, Quang Ninh Province, whose
relative, Pham Van Thuong, Dharma
name Minh Tri, passed away on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the
age of 85. The family of the devotee invites
us to perform the burial ceremony. As
instructed by the Sangha and
entrusted by the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we respectfully
invite all celestial beings, divine spirits, and
divine spirits to support
us and to bless the consciousness
of the Buddhist devotee, to take refuge in the Three Jewels, to relinquish
attachments and attain enlightenment.  With Bodhi mind seeking the supreme path,
we humbly recite the Seven
Buddhas Mantra for the eradication of sins, praying for the
Buddhist consciousness to receive the blessings of the Buddhas.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the
Buddha who eradicates sins, sometimes goes to the Bodhisattva, seeking
flowers, seeking the Buddha, the Dharani, the Arahant,
to find the truth, counting in the night, the shallow tomb, the
Saha world.
Go, go, go, go, seek the Lower Emperor, the Arahant, going to the Arahant,
counting, going, counting, the night, the
shallow tomb, the Saha
world. The Nirvana, the Lyrvana, seeking flowers, seeking the Buddha, the Dharani, going to the Arahant, the Vimalakirti, the Lyrvana, seeking flowers, seeking the Buddha,
going to the
Arahant, counting, the night, the shallow tomb, the Saha world. The Lyrvana, seeking transformation, seeking transformation, the Dharani, the Vimalakirti, the
old, seeking flowers, seeking the Buddha, the shallow tomb, the Saha world. O, the
Buddhist consciousness of Pham Van Huong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, leaving the physical body at
6 PM on March 20th, 2011.  Mr. Sửu lived to the
age of 85. This tomb is a place for his
relatives to return to and
practice filial piety. Now that the tomb is
complete, the Buddhist consciousness receives the offerings of incense and affection from the relatives. The
entire bereaved family offers
incense.
[Music] The entire family performs the ceremony. The
Buddhist consciousness performs the second ceremony. [Music
]
[Music]
The family also respectfully requests the Buddhist consciousness of
Mr. Phạm Văn Thưởng, Dharma name Minh Trí, to leave his physical body at
6 PM on March 20th,
2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 85, to return to his
family home at Thanh Sơn Ward,
Uông Bí City, Quảng Ninh Province, so that the
family can perform the three-day ceremony of offering incense. The family invokes the mantra: Nam
Mô Bồ
Đề (what is it? What is it? Answer: A) Nam Mô Bồ Đề (what is it? Because it is for the land). Nam Mô
Bổn (what is it? Because it is for the land). A) Nam Mô Bồ Đề (what is it? Because it is for the land). A) Nam Mô Bồ Đề (what is it? Because it is for the answer: A) Nam
Mô
Bồ Đề (what is it? Because it is for the answer: A) Nam
Mô Bổn (what is it? Because it is for the answer: A) Nam Mô Bổn (what is it? Because it is for the land).
Nga (what is it? Because it is for the answer: A) Nam Mô Bổn (what is it? Because it is for the land).  [
Music] The
entire Funeral Ceremony of Gratitude
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause] We
respectfully send our heartfelt devotion with the
fragrant clouds, offering incense throughout the ten directions to the
Three Jewels. We will uphold the Dharma throughout our lives, practicing
compassion and doing good for all sentient beings in the Dharma realm,
praying for the Buddha's merciful protection. May our Bodhi mind be firm and our
aspiration for cultivation be steadfast. May we
quickly return to the shore of enlightenment, far from the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion. Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo
Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva.
[Music]
Namo to the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-Abiding Three Jewels, the Great Witness. Namo to the Original Teacher, Shakyamuni
Buddha. We respectfully
ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to
witness and protect us,
your disciples, from the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Dharma Center, in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
currently practicing at Ba
Vang Temple. We, your disciples, rely on the Three Jewels and the Six Harmonies.
We respectfully
invite all celestial beings and spirits
at this cemetery to bless us.
The Guardian Deity descends to this altar to
support us, the family of devotee
Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name Minh Tue, residing in
Thanh Son Ward, Uong
Bi City, Quang Ninh Province,
whose father, Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 85. We request that he be
buried at this cemetery.
The family has prepared offerings to present
to the deities, spirits, and
guardian deities, and to all the departed souls
here. Following the
instructions of the monks and the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
we respectfully invite all
deities, spirits, and guardian deities,
along with the spirit of Buddhist devotee
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, and all the
hungry ghosts and wandering souls at
this cemetery, as well as all the souls connected
to our family, to receive the
power of the Three Jewels, the vows of salvation, and the
merits of the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, to
gather here to attend the Dharma, listen to the scriptures,
attain enlightenment, and partake in the
offerings.  With utmost sincerity, we, your devout family,
respectfully invite you, with utmost
sincerity, we respectfully
invite
you, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the great compassionate and merciful one who
loves all sentient beings, the great serpent who
saves all beings, the beautiful and radiant form that adorns
us. With utmost sincerity, we, the great people, respectfully
bow to all Buddhas of the three periods of time, throughout the
boundless space and the Dharma realm.
[Music] With utmost sincerity,
we respectfully bow to all the righteous Dharma of the three periods of time, to the
boundless space and the Dharma realm. With utmost sincerity, we respectfully bow to all the Sangha of the
three periods of time, to the sacred halls and the boundless space and the Dharma
realm. [
Music]